well howdy there internet people let's
bow again so today we're going to talk
about renaming Army installations it's a
topic it's been a topic for a long time
but now it's in the forefront it was
being considered the Trump
administration has per usual displayed a
complete total and utter lack of courage
and is refusing to do so they're gonna
kick that can down the road let somebody
else deal with it let somebody else make
the changes because these changes will
eventually be made if you are unaware
there are a number of US army forts that
are named after Confederate Civil War
generals it's been a sore spot for a
while actually talked to some active
duty and vets today about it for the
first time there was no disagreement
everybody was ok with the idea of them
being renamed now granted admittedly my
circle is a little different than most
but no disagreement whatsoever there was
a little debate over how they should be
renamed like to provide my own
suggestions for that Fort Bragg about
Fort Charles Beckwith fitting isn't it
is there anybody that believes that some
Confederate General is more deserving of
that honor than Charles Beckwith I don't
think so
not really Fort Worden
could become fort Alvin York what's a
more American story than that the guy
who didn't want a fight who came home a
hero cyber commands there that's a lot
of psyops maybe they could do something
involving a turkey call or something
that's only going to be funny for like
five people
fort benning about for robert rogers
defending the 75th is there two training
installation everybody needs to know the
standing orders it's fitting and i know
some people just say well he he was
actually a colonial he's british really
yeah well they were confederates not
americans so that shouldn't really
factor into it
fort campbell we can name that one after
lee no not at Lee the first division
commander the hundred first the father
of airborne the guy who got them ready
for d-day hearkened back to a time when
the United States Army filled their
canteens with the tears of fascists
rather than taking orders from one
this could have been a very good thing
for the Trump administration and for the
United States as a whole could have
showed that we were moving forward that
advancement was being made that we were
changing and these changes will come but
we could have shown it now instead the
absolute cowardice of the Trump
administration is leaving a large number
of those serving in the United States
Army stationed at installations named
after people who fought to keep them
seen as less than human
while we deny that systemic racism
exists that's pretty much peak 2020
right there these guys the names I gave
these would not be surrendering to the
PC crowd they all have their own issues
but they're a more accurate reflection
of the US Army they more accurately
reflect the modern nature of it we can
move forward we can give a large portion
of soldiers an instillation name they
could be proud of instead of one they
don't want to talk about anyway it's
just a thought
y'all have a good day